Create "Subscribe to Astro Release Notes" page (#1676)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes-subscribe.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
title: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
id: release-notes-subscribe
description: Subscribe to Astronomer Release Notes RSS feeds, or have updates sent to your email or Slack account.
---

You can subscribe to RSS feeds for Astro release notes, Astro CLI release notes, and Astro Runtime release notes. You can receive RSS feeds directly, or updates can be sent to your email or Slack account.

## Subscribe to RSS email updates

To have RSS feed updates sent to your email, use a browser RSS feed reader extension such as the [Chrome RSS Feed Reader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-feed-reader/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp?hl=en).

_Note: Safari does not natively support viewing or configuring RSS feeds on Desktop or Mobile._

## Subscribe to Slack updates

To add a feed to a public channel, the Slack Primary Owner role might be required. To learn more about adding RSS feeds to Slack, see [Add RSS feeds to Slack](https://slack.com/help/articles/218688467-Add-RSS-feeds-to-Slack).

> Run each of the following commands to subscribe to different Astro release notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to subscribe to different Astro release notes:
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
title: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
id: release-notes-subscribe
description: Subscribe to Astronomer Release Notes RSS feeds, or have updates sent to your email or Slack account.
---

You can subscribe to RSS feeds for Astro release notes, Astro CLI release notes, and Astro Runtime release notes. You can receive RSS feeds directly, or updates can be sent to your email or Slack account.

## Subscribe to RSS email updates

To have RSS feed updates sent to your email, use a browser RSS feed reader extension such as the [Chrome RSS Feed Reader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-feed-reader/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp?hl=en).

_Note: Safari does not natively support viewing or configuring RSS feeds on Desktop or Mobile._

## Subscribe to Slack updates

To add a feed to a public channel, the Slack Primary Owner role might be required. To learn more about adding RSS feeds to Slack, see [Add RSS feeds to Slack](https://slack.com/help/articles/218688467-Add-RSS-feeds-to-Slack).

Run each of the following commands to subscribe to different Astro release notes:

> - Astro product release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml`
> 
> - Astro Runtime release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml`
> 
> - Astro CLI release notes:  `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Astro product release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml`
- Astro Runtime release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml`
- Astro CLI release notes:  `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml`
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Subscribe to Astro Release Notes'
title: 'Subscribe to Astro Release Notes'
id: release-notes-subscribe

> description: You can subscribe to the RSS feeds directly, or configure updates to be sent directly to your email or Slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Subscribe to Astro Release Notes RSS feeds, or have updates sent to your email or Slack.
```

---

> **We are excited to announce that you can now subscribe to Astronomer Release Notes!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Astronomer has created RSS feeds for Astro Release Notes, Astro CLI Release Notes, and Astro Runtime Release Notes. You can subscribe to the RSS feeds directly, or configure updates to be sent directly to your email or Slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to RSS feeds for Astro Release Notes, Astro CLI Release Notes, and Astro Runtime Release Notes. You can receive RSS feeds directly, or updates can be sent to your email or Slack account.
```

> ## Get Updates to your Email Inbox

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Subscribe to email updates
```

> With an RSS feed reader extension, such as Chrome’s free extension [Feeder](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-feed-reader/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp?hl=en), you can subscribe to get updates from a feed sent directly to your email inbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To have RSS feed updates sent to your email, use a browser RSS feed reader extension. For example, the [Chrome RSS Feed Reader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-feed-reader/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp?hl=en).
```

> _Note: Safari does not natively support viewing or configuring RSS feeds on Desktop or Mobile._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info

You can't view or configure RSS feeds on desktop or mobile devices that use Safari.

:::
```

Author: Yeah that edit works! You can _technically_ view them in Safari, it just doesn't render XML files with proper syntax highlighting and can't natively read them.

> ## Get Updates on Slack

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Subscribe to Slack updates
```

> Add the **Astro Release Notes** feed to a Slack Channel with the command  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Slack, run the following slash command to add the Astro Release Notes feed to a Slack Channel:  
```

> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml)`
```

Add the **Astro Runtime Release Notes** feed to a Slack Channel with the command  

> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml)`
```

> Add the **Astro CLI Release Notes** feed to a Slack Channel with the command  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following slash command to add the Astro CLI Release Notes feed to a Slack channel:  
```

> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml)`
```

> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml)
> 
> Add the **Astro Runtime Release Notes** feed to a Slack Channel with the command  
> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml)
> 
> Add the **Astro CLI Release Notes** feed to a Slack Channel with the command  
> /feed subscribe [https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Astro product release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-release-notes.xml`

- Astro Runtime release notes: `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-runtime-release-notes.xml`

- Astro CLI release notes:  `/feed subscribe https://docs.astronomer.io/astro-cli-release-notes.xml`

```

Reviewer: I take it we don't need the markdown style link in the command itself?

> _Note: you may need Team Owner access on Slack to configure a public channel. You can read more about the Slack RSS feed integration [here](https://slack.com/help/articles/218688467-Add-RSS-feeds-to-Slack)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
title: 'Subscribe to Astro release notes'
id: release-notes-subscribe
description: Subscribe to Astronomer Release Notes RSS feeds, or have updates sent to your email or Slack account.
---

You can subscribe to RSS feeds for Astro release notes, Astro CLI release notes, and Astro Runtime release notes. You can receive RSS feeds directly, or updates can be sent to your email or Slack account.

## Subscribe to RSS email updates

To have RSS feed updates sent to your email, use a browser RSS feed reader extension such as the [Chrome RSS Feed Reader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-feed-reader/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp?hl=en).

_Note: Safari does not natively support viewing or configuring RSS feeds on Desktop or Mobile._

## Subscribe to Slack updates

To add a feed to a public channel, the Slack Primary Owner role might be required. To learn more about adding RSS feeds to Slack, see [Add RSS feeds to Slack](https://slack.com/help/articles/218688467-Add-RSS-feeds-to-Slack).

> Run each of the following commands to subscribe to different Astro release notes:

Reviewer 2: Run one of the following Slack slash commands to subscribe to different Astro release notes:
